## 9-17-21: Cooking Up the Requirements

We started off this week by presenting our requirements presentation to the class. As much as we would like this blog to be 100% good PR, this first presentation did not go as well as we had hoped. It was never truly proofread or practiced, leading us to miss several obvious errors (Namely, forgetting to include certain vital definitions). This led to confusion on the audience’s end. 

We received a lot of feedback, and our requirements got grilled. They were sizzling with how much they got grilled. We were aiming for medium-rare requirements, but we ended up with well-done requirements. Not what anyone (with taste) wants, but a huge step above burnt requirements. In fact, after the presentation, they were still mostly edible! Our requirements were over specifying on several notions and once those were trimmed, we now feel we have a very concise document that allows for a lot of variation in design without straying away from solving the problem statement. 

The rest of the week was spent taking a deep dive into the literature of our problem and prior ways to solve it. We found a large variety of research papers, news articles, and patents which served to help us narrow down what exactly we needed to do to alleviate water, fertilizer, and pesticide overconsumption in agriculture. This information was then condensed into a presentation that will be presented next Monday. Learning from our prior mistakes, we have proofread and practiced this one, so we expect it to go swimmingly! 

[back](./..)
